docs: update docs [KHCP-6738] (#1236)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/contributing.md

We recommend using [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) along with the [Volar extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar)

## Type interfaces for Vue components

> All types related to components must be included in the `/src/types/` folder in a corresponding component type file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All types related to components must be included in the `/src/types/` folder in a corresponding `{Kongponent-name}.ts` type file (without the `k` prefix).
```

### Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

> Since TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports, they are shimmed to be a generic Vue component type by default. In most cases this is fine if you don't really care about component prop types outside of templates. However, if you wish to get actual prop types in `.vue` imports (for example to get props validation when using manual `h(...)` calls), you can enable Volar's `.vue` type support plugin by running `Volar: Switch TS Plugin on/off` from VSCode command palette.

Reviewer: Can you remove this section? It's not longer relevant.

### Types for vue components 

All types related to component should be included in `types` folder. And exported in `index.ts` file.
```bash
── src/
    └── types/
     ├── {Kongponent-name}.ts
     └── index.ts
```
When importing type to a component we use import with `type` prefix
```ts
import type { SomeType } from '@/types'
```

### Tips when typing vue component

>  - Use whenever possible ts String Literal Types instead of `String` for props.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is clear, can you reword?

>  - Avoid using `Object` type as props, use interface instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Avoid using `Object` type as props, use an interface instead.
```
